Delete package-lock.json file to avoid package installation issues in future. 
When new package is installed, it is automatically created.
This file is useful for DevOps, since it may reduce installation time since path is mentioned in this file.

package.json
    Dependencies - dev as well as bundle (Eg forms, bootstrap)
    DevDependencies - used only for dev (Eg cli, types file, TS, linting)
    ~ - includes bug fixes
    ^ - latest stable 
    (In the simplest terms, 
        the tilde matches the most recent minor version (the middle number). 
        ~1.2.3 will match all 1.2.x versions but will miss 1.3.0.

        The caret, on the other hand, is more relaxed. 
        It will update you to the most recent major version (the first number). 
        ^1.2.3 will match any 1.x.x release including 1.3.0, but will hold off on 2.0.0.)

When development freezed remove tilde and caret symbols. When required to update QC and test on local,
and after that update prod package.json file.

'@angular/forms' - naming convention to specify forms package within angular namespace

tsconfig.app.json - development, some properties can be overridden; some files can be excluded from compilation
tsconfig.spec.json - testing, some properties can be overridden; some files can be excluded from compilation

angular.json - ess5BrowserSupport property - When true, separate files for polyfills es5 and es2015; saves 100-150 kb, only 
                     necessary file  loaded
                     When false, single file created

             - "outputHashing": "all" - Changes hash value of js file when changed. Eliminates requirement
                                        of 'Clear Temperary Files'
             - "aot" : "true" - Should be true, prevents runtime errors on prod.
             - vendorChunk -
             - fileReplacements : used for replacing files as per environment.

DevOps - teamcity

Commands :
    ng serve
    ng serve --open
    ng serve --open --port=4201
    Behavior can be changed by doing change in package.json as follows : 
    ("start": "ng serve",) changed to ("start": "ng serve --open --port=4201",)
    npm start Command's Behavior changed

For prod build : ng build --prod

Components : Inline Multiline HTML can be written against 'template' property enclosed in ``(on tilde key)
             similarly inline style can be written against 'styles' property

Angular compiles HTML through JS files. Browser can understand and good for security since only valid HTML
is rendered. If unknown HTML, then error is returned.

Interpolation Syntax of Angular : code within this {{}} -> code within is evaluated

Live reload -> Ctrl + S

app.module.ts : It is recommended that bootstrap array should only have one entry so that app has only
one entry point

Property binding : Write property name in square brackets and value in double quotes. When value in double
quotes it checks whether it is computable. To not compute for example (name is a variable, but you want to 
assign the value as string 'name' and not the value of name variable, nest property value within single quotes
Eg - "'name'")

Banana Syntax for eventHandlers in Angular. For OnChange event, its written as (change) = "fnname()"

Two way data binding achieved in Angular through
    Property binding : Changes view's value according to variable's values
    Event binding : changes variable's value according to view's values

Directives : *ngIf

Single quotes to be used for strings, since by default lint settings specify single quotes for string.
Using double quotes would cause lint to fail under these settings.

Comment in VS Code - Ctrl + K + C

Queries :
    How is environment of app execution identified by angular? (to be discussed)